In
this video I'll be showing you how to
check whether
Python is working properly in your, within
your Eclipse workspace.
So you should have a setup, similar to
this where you
have on the left, on the side, the learn
Python folder.
If not then just try click, go into new.
And create a folder.
And inside that folder, we're gonna create
a new file.
That file, we're going to call just
hello.pui.
.pui is the extension for Python.
And if you click on Finish then it'll run
and create that.
And you'll also need to allow it to have
incoming connections and not too sure what
to use
this connection for, but best used for
some vids,
so just click on allow, and it will be
fine.
And, there's two ways that which we need
to do this.
The first way is because we're using an
IDA,
It's going to be a simple [INAUDIBLE]
print function.
And I'll cover what this means later on in
the cast, this
is just to check whether or not what we've
got setup works.
And the way that we do that is we just do
print, and then
inside the two brackets, well, I'll be
calling them paren, parenthesis from now
on.
And inside the parentheses we have two
double quotes to start and end the string.
And I'll call out what the string is later
on as well.
And then inside there we just type the
text Hello World.
And then we end the line with a semicolon.
That's all we need.
If save.
And go up to this button here, which looks
like the play button.
It says run as.
If you click that, you'll get this little
pop up.
This pop up will appear just once.
If you need to go to Python run click on
OK.
And at the bottom here, in the console,
you'll get the output, which is Hello
World.
Now, if you don't get this you'll most
likely receive an error.
And all you need to do is check that you
spelled the function right.
And that you have the quotes in there.
If you don't have the quotes in there, it
won't work.
And if you don't have the the
function spelled right, then it won't
output either.
Okay.
The second way which we can do this, is if
we were doing it
with command line and you would need
something called [UNKNOWN] bang or hash
bang.
And the way you do that is use a hash and,
well a bang or an exclamation point.
Now that's quite hard to read, so and they
hash is the, sort
of it looks not a crosses of grid and then
an exclamation point.
And then what you need to to is slash USR
slash local slash bean slash hyphen.
That's all I need to do and that, slash
python and just make sure
that is the link towards your where the
actual file is saved.
The interpreters saved and the reason for
that
is so that when you run this page, when
you run the script it will find the
interpreter and then be able to run it
properly.
However.
We won't be using the hash bang or the
[UNKNOWN] bang in
our videos and, and our lesson, because we
are using an IDE.
Okay so, that's all there is to this, if
you don't get the output.
And, it doesn't give you an error, then
follow the previous
video, in the setup again, cuz you
would've missed out on
the stages, like bite of link 2, a python
interpreted wrong
or you might have set up your work space
slightly wrong.
So, just follow the previous video until
you get the right output here.
And the output is in the console at the
bottom saying Hello World.
So thank you for watching, and I'll see
you soon.
[MUSIC]